
If there are no data describing the distributions we need (below), we can use literature-reported average values and confidence intervals to extrapolate such distributions.

Distribution of transmission rate by day (can use multiple distributions for each day basis, or the averaged distribution across all days of infection).
If we use an averaged distribution across all days of infection, we also to know transmission rate trends per day: by how much does transmission increase for the first days of infection period until maximum value; by how much does it decrease during the last days of infection period until 0?

Distribution of death probability by day (can use multiple distributions for each day basis, or the averaged distribution across all days of infection).
If we use an averaged distribution across all days of infection, we also to know death probability trends per day: by how much does death probability increase for the first days of infection period until maximum value; by how much does it decrease during the last days of infection period until 0?

Distribution of duration of infection for the population

Distribution of reinfection probability for the population

Distribution of vaccine efficacy for the population

Prevalence of disease that leads to outbreak (may consider sampling from some kind of distribution of prevalence at the district level to assign different values by district)

Vaccinations:
What proportion of population gets vaccinated when vaccinations are available? (Maybe we don't need this data, we might instead show how effective vaccinations are by frequency of administration)
Can total vaccination by day be modeled by exponential decay or some other function? (we currently estimate using weak exponential decay)
Do we want to model booster vaccinations? If so, how much does booster add to total vaccine efficacy?

Antibiotics: (I am not entirely confident that below encompasses all data we need as we have not tried implementing this yet)
What proportion of infected are treated with antibiotics?
What is the probability of administration of each variant of antibiotic?
What is the probability that antibiotic will be effective (for each variant)?
How does effective antibiotic treatment affect transmission rate and death probability by day of administration?
If antibiotic fails, what is the probability that the infected individual receives a different antibiotic?
By how much does effective antibiotic shorten infection period (preferably distribution of values by antibiotic variant)? 












The distribution of 